feat(application): Document how to declare advanced applications. (#2705)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/pages-and-forms/pages/bonita-ui-pro.adoc

= Bonita UI Desiger Pro
:page-aliases: ROOT:bonita-ui-pro.adoc

> :description: Bonita UI Desiger Pro allows to implement "forms" and "pages" in an app, not as standalone elements in a process (paradigm change)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Bonita UI Designer Pro allows to implement "forms" and "pages" in an application.
They are not anymore standalone elements in a process (paradigm change with legacy Bonita UI Designer).
```
